[Music]
hi guys I'm Laura Vitale and this
episode of Laura in the kitchen I'm
gonna make two pretty coats it basically
it's just muscles and really spicy
little broth out of this world
Christmas Eve is around the corner us
Italians are all about the feast of
Seven Fishes
and you know you've got to start with
some good soup with a goat's it so let's
go to the ingredients to get started
you're gonna need some fresh mussels now
talk about this in a minute you're also
going to need one tomato that I have
just chopped in large pieces some fresh
garlic some parsley some white wine some
hot pepper flakes salt pepper and olive
oil that's it simple it's easy its quick
and it's really not expensive muscles
especially around this time of year or
super cheap $2.99 a pound that's it
so for your muscles really important
that you clean them well and first of
all so what I do is I bring them over in
the store and if I'm going to cook them
in a few hours
I usually take a big bowl fill it with
ice and then just sit my mussels right
on top and then put it in the fridge and
then what I do is I take a big bowl or
you can use your kitchen sink for
example just make sure it's really clean
and filled with water I put my mussels
in there for 15 minutes after 15 minutes
I rinse them and then I scrub them I
take a clean or new or they actually
make scrubbers especially for mussels
and you just want to scrub scrub scrub
both sides of the mussel and sometimes
mussels come with a beard if they
haven't already done it for you then you
need to do it which means it's a little
piece right here it's called the beard
and that's what the muscle attaches to
the rope you know to the to the rocks
it's a pisser it's almost like a rope
and all you guys do is just rip it that
simple and then once you have done that
you want to go ahead and put them back
into the water fill a bowl again with
clean water put it in there for 15
minutes rinse them drain them you're
good to go
now when to know what mussels are good
or bad now when they're fresh and on you
know and uncooked if the mussels open
like that
and you try to press send doesn't close
get rid of it
he's a no-go for undercooked it's
completely the opposite if they are
closed get rid of it it's a no-go so
that's how you know when mussels are
fresh okay in this pan you want to make
sure that if you're not using the soup
pot you're using a pain that's got about
three to four inches you know the sides
are pretty high up and I've got about
three tablespoons of olive oil in there
I'm so good and in here I'm just going
to put in my parsley my garlic and my
tomato now you're probably thinking why
are you cooking the garlic the parsley
so ahead of time because normally fresh
herbs are used at the last minute but
since this dish is a really quick dish
and I want to be able to infuse that oil
with as much flavor as possible and
infuse that broth then I'm gonna have to
just do it this way I think it works
really well
smells great looks great easy I'm also
going to put in a pinch of hot pepper
flakes this is meant to be spicy so but
you can put as much or as little as you
want
give this a stir medium-high heat
and this is going to cook for about two
minutes or until the garlic becomes
really fragrant and a light golden color
now to this I'm just going to add some
white wine if you don't drink white wine
if you don't want to use white wine if
you don't have white wine you can always
use a little bit of water or you can use
some clam juice or you can completely
omit that but you'll just you won't have
like a soupy you know you won't have a
lot of broth but that's fine it'll still
be delicious so you don't have to worry
about that so I'm gonna let this cook
for about five minutes and medium-high
plus about three to five minutes I
wanted to just reduce a tiny tiny bit
and then we'll add in our muscle that
looks great now I'm just gonna season
this with a bit of salt and pepper don't
go crazy with the salt because mussels
are very salty um but you know salt
pepper is always to taste it's up to you
if you like things with saltymom you put
a little bit more in there but like I
said it's up to you yeah I'm gonna put
in our muscles loose
as I like to call them oh good okay so
now I'm just going to cover this let it
cook for five minutes turn the heat down
to medium five minutes or until all the
muscles open up oh oh yeah that is
amazing it's been about five minutes a
little bit less than that I would say
look at all that little juice the little
broth oh it smells so amazing I'm just
going to very carefully but it's in a
big bowl look at that look at that oh
yeah buddy
I love muscles absolutely adore muscles
look at that those ones just came out
because they know I want to eat them
right away so well mmm
if you love seafood I I can't get enough
of seafood I absolutely love it and you
love mussels this is the recipe for you
again
it's full of that ten minutes it's quick
it's easy its inexpensive and it's
amazing and if you're Italian you know
what I'm all about you know what you
know what we're all about
Christmas Eve 7:00 I'm trying to escape
the steam but I can't Christmas Eve
Seven Fishes you know you've got to have
some muscles on your table I know I will
and then mmm you gotta have some good
charred bread because let me tell you
that juice is worth that oh yeah mm-hmm
oh yeah I know I'm hungry
I will just burn down with me you know
what to get these recipes
www.laurainthekitchen.com oh boy
[Music]
would you like some moves close your
muscles huh ready
hi guys I'm Laura Vitale